[Faith]
Previously on Will Trent ...
-Ava Green?
-It wasn't me. I promise.
I had nothing to do with this.
Well. that's too bad. I thought
those Deux Peches photos
were pretty great.
-Um. thanks.
-This is exactly what I need.
All right. let's go. Whoa.
-I can't put you
back in jail like this.
-So don't. then.
Can we talk about your scan?
Unfortunately. this dark area
is a tumor.
-How's chemo?
-Well. my urine
smells like gasoline.
Hold on a second.
[Max] Hey. are you okay? Dad.
Ava. I gotta be honest
with you.
-I'm not ready to jump into
something new.
-Bad breakup?
She's still around.
She might always be around.
It's never too late
to decide you're ready
to jump into something new.
I'm Will. This is Betty.
It's Betty Maria White Trent.
I know you're only five pounds.
but you really feel like six.
I think she's self-conscious
about the cone.
Betty. you take care
of Nico. okay?
You're gonna be all right.
Betty. Betty?
[barks]
-[Will] What is it. girl. huh?
-[Betty barks]
[shutter clicking]
Drop a little shoulder.
[chuckles]
Should I. like.
keep my chin down?
I think it's giving
too much neck. Yeah?
Little growl.
Cool?
[shutter clicking continues]
Hey. what's that?
Put that down.
That's-That's not funny.
Look. I'm not kidding.
Move. Get... Get off of me!
Stop! [screams]
-[shutter clicking]
-[Faith] Get a close-up
of her chest.
She has three
or four stab wounds.
-See?
-Mm-hmm.
But the first couple
look shallow. Like maybe
they were hesitating--
First-timer. must be.
[Faith] Hmm...
[cell phone ringing]
Will. where are you?
Oh. you know. just trying
to solve the mystery
of how to get to
the damn crime scene.
Studio 4B. fourth floor.
Thank you. Amanda. So helpful.
I know it's on
the fourth floor.
I'm on the fourth floor.
Will Trent?
-Ava.
-Hi.
Hi.
[chuckles]
How long has it been?
Oh. uh... A long time.
You still have that suit.
-I've missed that suit.
-Oh. Yeah.
I've. uh. missed you.
No. um. I mean.
I forgot all about you.
-Well. thanks so much.
-No. I mean. I forgot this.
And now. here you are.
um. which is...
Yeah. nice surprise.
-Are you here about Chloe?
-Yes.
Um. Wow. word gets around fast.
The whole building's
talking about it.
-I work on six.
-Photography?
Actually.
I'm doing the archives for
this building. Got a grant.
That's great.
-Congrats.
-Yeah. thanks.
So. you. uh...
Did you know Chloe?
Not personally.
but I had a couple of friends
who photographed her.
They all said she was
really sweet. It's so sad.
[Will's phone]
Call from Amanda.
-Amanda calling.
- Call from Amanda.
I should. um...
Hey. uh. where is Studio 4B
in this labyrinth of torment?
[chuckles]
Yes. it's down the hall.
The last one on the left.
It's not your fault.
The building is
a nightmare. Is. um...
Is that a new phone?
[chuckles] Yes.
That's my number.
[Will's phone]
New contact: Ava.
In case you didn't have it
or need it or...
whatever.
Bye. Will.
Bye.
This is so tragic. and I'm not
trying to be insensitive.
but if we could please try
and keep this out of the press.
We don't have
any plans to speak
to the press. Ms. Talvesco.
[Talvesco] Oh. Okay.
Because the rental market
right now is hell.
and if they find out
-that there was a murder
in the building--
-Mom. Just let her do her job.
Will. this is
Ms. Valentina Talvesco.
She owns the building.
And her son. Alex.
who manages the studios.
Special Agent Will Trent.
Nice to meet you.
Uh. can you tell me
who's renting the unit now?
Oh. Nobody. It's been vacant
for three months.
So. the door was locked and
no one had access but you two?
We got scammed.
Someone emailed
my mom's account
claiming to be Hans Kessler.
-He's a fashion photographer.
-He's an icon
and an old friend.
I used to let him shoot here
in the '80s.
So. what did the email say?
Said he needed a place
for last minute. so we left
the door unlocked for him.
Did you give him the code
to the front door as well?
I haven't changed the code
in 40 years.
Kessler's been in Venice
for the past month.
Someone hacked his account.
We traced the login
to a throwaway device
on public Wi-Fi. Dead end.
They also emailed Chloe
inviting her here for a shoot.
She was an up-and-coming model.
Probably thought this was
her big break.
[Will] Hmm.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
-Any signs of sexual assault?
-Not that I can see.
Why kill her here?
This place isn't private.
Is. uh... Was this black light?
[Faith] Holy moly.
[Will] Yeah. so. she thought
she was meeting Kessler.
But instead.
someone else showed up.
Three symmetrical voids.
There was a tripod here.
They were taking pictures
of her.
She realized
what was happening.
and then she tried to run.
Yeah. and they kept shooting.
Vintage film. hard to find.
This was a special occasion.
They didn't just want her dead.
They wanted
a photo of her dying.
[Nico] Never say "walk"
unless you mean it.
If your dog is as cute
as Betty. be ready
to talk to everyone.
Oh. and if they look at you
while they poop.
that's a sign of trust.
Don't look away
or you'll damage your bond.
Having a dog is
a big responsibility. Coop.
You sure you're up for it?
Well. yeah. that's why
I wanted to hang out
with Nico and Betty today.
For research.
Ah.
Great.
You guys go ahead.
I'll catch up.
-Can I tell you a secret?
-I'm a steel trap!
Well. I don't really want
a dog.
Look. Betty's cute and all.
but I'm much more of
a cat person.
I just wanted to get my dad
out of the house.
The doctor said
gentle exercise.
but if he can't lift weights.
then he acts like
there's no point
in doing anything at all.
Betty and I are here any time
your old man needs a stroll.
Undercover dog duty.
[Betty barking]
Betty. no.
What did I say last time?
What's she barking at?
That's Viggo's house.
We hang out sometimes.
He gives Betty C-O-O-K-I-E-S.
the junky kind.
but Will gets upset when he
smells them on her breath.
Betty. No.
I dropped the leash.
What if I killed Betty?
[Michael] Deep breath.
We'll get her back.
There's a dog door around back
she goes through.
Viggo's the best.
Come on. it's not a problem.
[knocking]
Hi. um. sorry to bother you.
but our dog just ran
through the dog door.
-If--
-I'll get.
Okay. great.
I'll just wait here.
We haven't met. I'm Nico.
-You a friend of Viggo's?
-Niece.
-Hey. there you are.
-[Betty whimpers]
All right.
Hey. thanks. you guys.
I really appreciate the help--
They seem nice.
That's weird. Viggo never
mentioned he had a niece.
He said he was an only child.
-Dad.
-Yeah?
-Dad. look.
Betty's bleeding on her paw.
-What?
Let me see. It's okay. Betty.
I don't see any cuts.
Her paws are fine.
I don't think it's her blood.
Guys... Guys.
go around the corner.
I'll be right there.
[♪ ominous music playing]
[Faith]
The knife fits the profile
of the one used to kill her.
Yeah. but why take
these photos if you plan on
doing it for real?
Practice?
[Will] Fetish?
Hey. um... Hi.
Thanks for coming. Um...
-You remember
my partner. Faith?
-Hi.
Ava. hi.
So. this is the expert
you mentioned.
I'd hardly call myself
an expert.
Oh. Ava's a photographer.
if you remember.
Oh. I do remember. Mmm.
[Will] So. these are
the photographs.
We found them when we
searched Chloe's apartment.
but we have no way to find out
who took them.
Thought you might be able
to help us out.
-Crispin Ratner.
-That was quick.
All his work is the same.
Naked women covered in fluid.
Is he single?
[scoffs]
He's part of
the Indie Sleaze revival scene.
You know. dude photographers
passing off their sex fetishes
as art.
He was big a while back.
but he barely works now.
-Why's that?
-He was assaulting models
for years.
Finally.
someone said something.
He used to have a studio
in the building
where Chloe was killed.
I remember Valentina
mentioning it.
He'd know the code
to the front door.
He'd know everything
about that place.
Do you know any reason
why he would wanna hurt Chloe?
[scoffing] Yeah. He hated her.
She's the one
who Me Too'ed him.
See? See that expression?
She never makes that face.
So. you think Betty
was traumatized
by what she saw at the house?
And you're cosigning this?
The blood on her fur
was human. She may have
witnessed violence.
Yeah. Or someone had
a nosebleed
or cut themselves shaving.
and that's just
before breakfast.
Why is there a dog here?
[Betty whimpers]
What are you doing?
Nothing. You want something
from the vending machine?
I'll get it for you.
-Move.
-This is my office.
No one gave you permission
to build this weird fort. Move.
You know. homicide in Atlanta
is down 35%. Maybe it's time
we think about some cuts.
I already have all my paperwork
turned in. okay?
I'm just pursuing
a personal project.
Oh. What is this?
This is not Snickers.
Snickers is D4.
I hate it here.
I hate you.
And I hate
this room-temperature pickle.
Angie. please.
don't make me beg.
Fine. I'll check it out.
Coffee's on you.
This is
a perfectly good pickle.
From the trash.
So?
GBI!
We're looking for
Crispin Ratner.
He's soaking.
In the tub.
-You don't mind if we
come in. do you?
-It's not a good time.
Crispin Ratner! GBI!
[Will] Did our boy go out
the window?
If he did. he's long gone.
[sighs. scoffs]
[gasps. coughs]
[grunts]
[Will] Sir. settle down.
-[Ratner grunting]
-Sir. we're placing you
in custody.
[Faith grunts]
[grunts. groans]
-Get your hands off me now.
-[Faith grunts]
Is this fun for you? Huh?
-[Faith] Yeah.
-[Will] You're doing great.
partner.
-[Ratner]
This is sexual assault.
-You do it.
[Ratner grunting]
[Will] Fine.
[grunting]
-Hands behind your back.
Stay still.
-Get off.
-[grunting]
-[Will sighs]
Be careful with that.
It's worth more than
your salary.
You have a thing for blades?
Because of the Polaroids?
I already told you. the knife
was plastic. It's called art.
His alibi cleared.
Sorority party in the west end.
Girls said
he was trying to hit on them.
Trying? They loved it.
[chuckles]
Thanks a lot for that.
Can you take the cuffs off?
I can't have this cheese ruin
another kimono.
Okay. sir.
can you please close your legs?
-Look. you might not
have killed Chloe...
-[chuckles]
...but we still have you
on drug possession.
evading arrest.
assaulting a GBI agent.
and indecent exposure.
I'm not gonna ask you again.
Close your legs.
Think I'm holding
anything back? Look. if I
had anything. I'd tell you.
-Where'd you get this film?
-eBay. Cost me a fortune.
Some rich freak hired me
for a shoot. Super expensive.
He insisted I use
his vintage camera. Was really
specific about the film stock.
Name.
Gideon Barnell. Art collector
over in Ansley Park.
What kind of pictures
you take for him?
Roadkill. other weird crap.
Guy's obsessed with dead stuff.
He has an art salon
at his house every month.
I think one's coming up.
You should go talk to him.
Copy that.
Thanks for the update.
-[line disconnects]
-[sighs]
Judge won't give us a warrant.
Says there's no probable cause.
-That's BS. Which judge?
-Dude... [sighs]
I know desk duty
can be frustrating.
If you're getting restless.
let's just figure
something out.
-Polaski. you know me. okay?
-Let's--
How long we been doing this?
Something's off in there.
Without PC.
all we can do is knock again.
Then we knock again.
Okay.
[dog barking]
Mr. Shaw. Hi. I'm
Michael Ormewood with the APD.
This is my partner. Angie.
We're friends of
your neighbor. Nico's.
What's going on?
Uh. it's just a wellness check.
Nico hadn't seen you
in a few days.
What happened to your cheek?
My cheek?
Oh. uh... Nothing. I-I fell.
Uh. look. I-I was in
the middle of making lunch.
so if that is all. I--
There was
a couple here earlier.
Friends. They're gone.
So. that's not their car?
That's mine. It's new.
The lady said
she was your niece.
Like a niece. not blood.
[sighs] Is there
something wrong? I'm confused
by all your questions.
We just want to make sure
you're safe.
That's very nice. I'm fine.
Okay. that was weird.
"Put a rush on it. bitch."
-Hey.
Hey. GBI is gonna do
a rush background check
on old man Viggo for us.
Really? Since when
are they nice to us?
I told them Trent was
on the investigation.
so it should be here
in a minute or two.
-What are you hoping to find?
-Whatever gets us
through the door.
[phone beeping]
Oh. crap.
-What?
-Coop's got a book report
due tomorrow.
I told her I'd help.
and I forgot to read the book.
-Oh. CliffsNotes.
That still a thing?
-[sighs]
No. she'd know.
Kid's got a built-in
BS detector.
[chuckles]
[sighs] Yeah.
You good?
Feels like I suck at
everything lately.
Yeah. I can't do the job.
Too tired to be a parent.
I'm just...
Aw. Sounds like you need
to cut yourself some slack.
-[chuckles] Yeah.
-Max and Cooper don't care.
They'll take you
any way they can get you.
They just want to hang out.
That's really nice
for you to say that.
but it's a load of crap.
They deserve a dad
who can keep his eyes open.
and you deserve a partner
who can hold his own.
Have you seen me lately?
I'm a beach ball with hands.
That's why I got to be the guy.
Don't do that.
That's dumb. Come on.
you're going through something.
Everyone understands that.
-Yeah.
-[computer chimes]
Oh.
Here it is. Okay.
Nothing on Viggo.
Guy's a ghost.
No record. no socials.
not even a parking ticket.
That's... That's cool.
All right.
Bright and early.
I'm picking you up.
-and we'll go sit on his house.
-Stakeout? Seriously?
You dragged me into this thing.
we're not just dropping it now.
Come on. you in?
[sighs]
I'm in.
-Okay.
-[Michael chuckles]
[♪ synth music playing]
Ever seen Psycho ?
It just blinked.
Did you see that?
Hugo. Jasmine. this is Gideon.
Hugo and Jasmine Balas.
They're visiting from Miami.
-Nice to meet you.
-Thank you for having us.
Hugo used to have
a gallery in Savannah.
but he left because
he doesn't think Georgia
has an art scene.
and I'm trying to make my case.
I have to say
I'm almost convinced.
But you haven't even seen
the latest.
Follow me.
You are a natural.
Thank you for getting us
in here. by the way.
Gideon always invites me.
I never show.
He gives me the creeps.
Well. I guess
I better stay close.
you know. to keep you safe.
Have you ever watched
something die. Mr. Balas?
There comes a moment when
the soul slips free of a body.
When all ego.
all performance falls away.
Ugh...
To capture such a moment.
what a challenge.
But to do so
is to reveal the nothing
beneath the thing.
Enjoy.
[Faith] He's a good time.
Please tell me
he didn't kill that deer
just to get the shot.
[guest 1] I heard a rumor
he'd pay 500k
to get one of a person dying.
[guest 2] 600 if she's pretty.
[guest 1]
I wouldn't put it past Barnell.
I mean. with money like that.
he could get away with murder.
[chuckles]
[Amanda] Why are people
so weird and gross?
Poor girl died because of
some rich person's fetish.
-Hmm.
-So let's say
your theory is right.
and he wanted to add
a photo of Chloe dying
to his collection.
Who would he hire to do this?
Well. my guess is
he hired a photographer
who needed the money
and was desperate enough
to kill for it.
[sighs]
I got that list of buyers
from the eBay seller.
He sold a roll
of HAJEK KD-25 three weeks ago.
Anonymous username.
shipped to a P.O. box.
Guess who it was registered to.
[knocking on door]
Ms. Talvesco.
we need to speak to your son.
Um. Alex isn't home.
Can I help you with something?
Ma'am. we have a warrant
to search the place.
A warrant? For my place?
-[Will] Alex Talvesco.
it's GBI.
-[Valentina] Is this...
Alex?
This must be
some kind of a mistake.
Can you please tell me
what is going on?
-He's not here.
-Please stay back.
-Ms. Talvesco.
where's your son?
-I don't know.
[Valentina] You want to tell me
what you're looking for?
Maybe I can help you.
Faith.
Oh. my God.
[Valentina] What is that?
[Alex] Mom?
[Valentina] Oh.
You stay here.
Alex Talvesco. you're
under arrest. Put your hands
where I can see them.
-Keep them up. Easy.
-Okay.
-[Alex] Okay.
-Alex. just listen to them.
I-I was just trying
to help my mom.
I know. all right?
-We just want to talk. okay?
-Okay. Okay.
[Valentina]
Alex. listen to Mom.
-Baby. listen to Mom.
-Mom.
-Alex. it's all okay.
-[Alex] I'm sorry.
You didn't do anything wrong.
honey.
[cries] Mom. I messed up.
-I messed up.
-Alex. listen to my voice.
-Hands behind your back.
Easy. Okay?
-[stammers] Okay.
Good.
[Will] Alex! No!
[screaming] No! No! No! No!
No! No! No!
What'd I miss?
-You're good. Nothing happened.
-Oh. geez.
Sorry. I can't seem
to stay awake
for more than 43 minutes.
[barks]
-Wow. new record.
-You wanna go home
and take a rest?
Please. I feel
useless enough as it is.
Hey. be nice to my partner.
-[chuckles]
-[cell phone dings]
-[Betty barks]
-Betty. zip it.
Stakeout. remember?
Hey. Hey. we got a hit
on those NYC plates.
That car is registered
to one Toni Kumbaro.
Why does that name
sound familiar?
-You making a mess back there?
-No. no. I'm fine.
I promise. I promise.
Holy crap.
Toni Kumbaro
and his wife Albana
just failed to appear
at a racketeering trial
in New York.
Alleged members
of Albanian Organized Crime.
-Is that who you saw?
-Yes. those were the ones
at the door.
-[Betty barking]
-Betty! Betty! Betty.
-Betty! Betty!
-[Michael] Betty!
[Angie] Betty!
[barks]
[sniffing]
[muffled grunting]
[Betty whimpers]
-[muffled grunting continues]
-[barks]
Nico!
Oh. God.
what if they're hurting her?
What if they're dognappers?
-Is that a thing? Dognapping?
-That's definitely a thing.
-That's it. I'm going in.
-No. you're not going anywhere.
Okay. Failure To Appear
warrant in New York.
that's our probable cause.
We're going in. You're staying.
[barking]
[loud crash]
[Angie] APD!
Betty! Betty. go to Nico.
[whining]
-[Michael]
Put the weapon down now!
-Hey!
I tied them up. [stammering]
I didn't know what else to do.
They came here to kill me.
-Sir. put the weapon down.
Put it down.
-Please. Please. I...
[muffled groaning]
-Oh. crap. You got this?
-Yeah.
[muffled grunting]
Stop! [panting]
[panting]
[pants]
Suspect's now heading
southbound on Tillman
toward Boone.
-[dispatcher] Say again.
Suspect is what?
-[Michael exhales sharply]
[Michael panting]
What the hell?
-Suspect's now fleeing on bike.
- Copy that. Suspect is on
a motorcycle.
No. No. No.
No. not a motorcycle. A bike.
a child's bike. Pink bike.
[breathes heavily]
[♪ suspenseful music plays]
[both grunting]
[both straining]
-I didn't do nothing.
-[panting] Stay... Stay down.
[handcuffs click]
[both panting]
Hey. mister. You okay?
[Michael panting]
[Viggo] You don't look so good.
-[police officer chattering]
-[police radio chatter]
[camera shutter clicks]
[chattering]
Found the knife.
It was hidden in the AC vent.
Still had
traces of blood on it.
I gave it to forensics
to check for prints.
Okay.
How's she holding up?
Not good. The medics
had to give her a sedative.
I was right there.
Will. there was nothing more
you could have done.
That thing Alex said
about trying to help his mom...
I talked to her about that.
She was worried about
the mortgage.
He told her not to worry.
He said he'd take care of her.
She thought that meant
a second job.
Found the rest of the negatives
from the shoot.
I want to get these printed
just to cross our t's
and dot our i's.
I'll stay here.
[EMT 1 on radio] Rescue 22
to County. be advised
we're 10 out to your location.
[knocking on door]
Come in.
[door opening]
Oh. hi.
I was. uh. wondering
if you might be able
to help me with something.
I heard about Alex.
I'm so... It's horrible.
Yeah. Yeah. It is.
May I hug you?
Was that weird?
No. No.
[chuckles]
I have these negatives.
You think you could
print something?
GBI doesn't have a lab
for this sort of thing?
Oh. Figured this
would be faster.
I see.
Okay.
Now what?
[♪ "There Must Be a Better Way"
playing]
♪ There must be something
I have said ♪
♪ To make you look my way ♪
♪ There must be something
I could do ♪
[giggles]
♪ To make you love me too ♪
[timer ringing]
Developer.
-What?
-Just...
-Leave it there. Bing.
-[Will] Okay.
[Ava] Okay. Yeah?
♪ All the love you got there ♪
♪ I don't think you are aware
Of what you are doing to me ♪
[timer ringing]
-[Will] Really? [laughs]
-Yes. really.
♪ You keep me confused
Wondering which words to use ♪
♪ To make you share your love
With me ♪
♪ Your girl I'd gladly be ♪
♪ If you just socked
A little guitar to me. baby ♪
[♪ song fades]
[ringing]
-[clatters]
-[both sigh]
[Will] Thank you.
-[Ava sighs]
-[chuckles]
[Will's phone]
Faith is calling.
No.
-Faith is calling.
-[Will] Mmm...
- Faith is calling.
-[sighs]
-Can it wait?
-Forensics just called.
There were two sets of prints
found on the knife.
One of them belonged to Alex.
the other one's
not in our system.
Where's Ms. Talvesco?
In the bedroom.
She went to lie down.
Ms. Talvesco?
-[Ava] Here you go.
-Thanks.
There was someone else there.
[sighs]
-[glass breaking]
-What was that?
Stay here.
[chattering]
[sighs]
[Ava] Will! Help!
[Ava gasps]
Ms. Talvesco. Put down the gun.
I want the negatives.
-They're in my pocket.
-Prove it.
Okay.
I'm reaching in slow.
See?
Alex said he destroyed
the negatives.
-He told you
what you wanted to hear.
-Don't talk about my son.
He's dead because of you.
-You killed him.
-Will.
Ms. Talvesco.
I know you're hurting.
And I want to help.
but I can't.
Not until you put down the gun.
Gordon Parks shot here.
Annie Leibovitz.
Did you know
they were trying to turn these
into condominiums?
You were fighting for something
that matters. right?
Alex... Alex was supposed to
take care of her himself.
but he got scared.
I've always had to clean up
all of his messes.
Let's just talk this through.
okay?
-There's nothing left to say.
-[gunshot]
[grunting]
-[Faith] Got her. I got her.
-[handcuffs click]
-[Valentina grunts]
-Get up! Get up.
-[grunts]
-Get up.
Valentina Talvesco.
you are under arrest for
the murder of Chloe Benbrooke.
[sighs]
Hey. you okay?
Yeah. [sighs. sniffles]
[♪ soul music playing]
♪ Let me take care of
All your problems ♪
-[Betty grunts]
-[Angie chuckles]
[Heller] Well. there he is!
Hey!
Come on.
Viggo's with the FBI.
Witness protection.
-Wow.
-Yeah. it's a win.
Does come with
a fair amount of paperwork.
Not thrilled about that.
but. you know...
He was the getaway driver
for the Bijtë e Hijes
crime family.
Moved to Atlanta to start over.
but they tracked him down.
Yeah. you saved his life.
It was a team effort.
-That's why Betty has a badge.
-[Michael] Yeah?
-[Michael chuckles]
-Hey. grab a chair.
lunch is on me.
Actually. I was gonna...
I was gonna ask if I could
take the rest of the day.
I promised Cooper
burgers and Zootopia .
Yeah. go on. enjoy.
-Thanks. Cap.
-Yeah.
[Michael] Hello?
Dad. you got 'em?
-We got 'em.
-Yes!
[imitates explosion]
Hey. do you know Judy.
the bunny from Zootopia ?
Yeah.
Well. do you know
that she has 275 siblings?
Sheesh! Imagine trying
to share a bathroom with them.
I'd move out.
[snoring]
Dad?
[snoring continues]
Barnell's lawyer
is already making calls.
With accessory to murder.
that's gonna be hard to avoid.
-Nico. what are you doing here?
-I got a date.
Can you watch Betty?
-Why didn't you
just leave her at home?
-I was. um. in the area.
-Hmm. Nico.
-Food's in her bag.
She already ate. so don't
let her tell you any different.
Wait. What are you up to? Hey.
Come here. girl. It's okay.
They're up to something.
aren't they?
Yes. they are.
but I'm so happy to see you.
Hey. What's that
on your collar?
[sniffing]
-Why does your breath
smell like cookies?
-[Betty whimpers]
Hey. Nico.
what did you give Betty?
Did you give her cookies?
And why's my dog wearing a b--
Oh. Um.
Sorry. I was... I was just.
uh... Never mind. Um...
Well. who's this?
-This is Betty.
-[chuckles] Hi. Betty.
Maria White Trent.
-Oh.
-[Will] Mmm.
I just came by
to thank you again
for saving my life.
Oh. I should be the one
thanking you for all your help.
I had fun. Your job is much
more interesting than mine.
Well...
I have something for you.
[Will chuckles]
[♪ gentle music playing]
[chuckles]
When did you take this?
When you weren't looking.
I didn't know anyone
saw me like this.
I do.
I guess we should probably talk
about what happened.
Do we have to?
I'm in therapy. and I'm
a complete mess right now.
Will. we don't have to do this.
-We don't?
-I'm going to New York
for a few weeks.
I'll text you when I get back.
If you're free.
if you feel like it.
maybe we can do it again.
That sounds great.
I had fun. Will. I like you.
[chuckles]
[kisses]
Not everything
has to be so serious.
Note to self:
Not everything
has to be so serious.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm